I love to preach, I love to talk about Jehovah.
Whenever I'd read the experiences of pioneers and missionaries in the earbooks,
I wanted to feel the same joy and the same feeling that they had.
When I heard about the announcement about the campaign, I knew that that was my chance.
The first challenge was the pressure I got from others.
Why go so far?
You could use that money to travel somewhere more beautiful.
You could even travel to another country.
These types of comments did affect me a bit.
Other times it was more a question of finances.
I once had to decide whether I would accept an opportunity to work at a good job in the public sector,
or whether to turn that opportunity down.
But participating in that campaign was my chance to do more for Jehovah.
I knew this experience would be life-changing.
Throughout the campaign, we met so many sincere people,
some who had never heard Jehovah's name, or who didn't even know what Bible was.
One experience that stuck with me was when I tried explaining to someone what the Bible was.
And then her eyes just beamed when she understood that it was a message from God to her personally.
There's a Bible student who is indigenous.
And whenever you talk about Jehovah, her eyes always light up.
She always asks to learn more about Jehovah.
We were studying over the public telephone,
because she lives in a village that's about five days journey away.
But even though it was challenging, she made it to the meetings.
She would bring the whole family, sometimes up to 20 people,
who would walk into the Kingdom Hall.
I would bring a Bible, a phone and a tablet,
and I would pass them around and try to help them.
There's no doubt that having these experiences was well worth it.
I know that participating in this campaign was the best decision.
I started to truly see Jehovah as a real friend.
And it was also wonderful to spend time with a variety of brothers and sisters during the campaign.
It hurt on me mature spiritually.
I planned to go for a month and ended up staying there for five years.
If I could, I'd do it all over again.
My family owns a guest house,
and my father said that we were going to host a group for a campaign.
But I never had contact with Jehovah's Witnesses before.
When the group arrived,
the pastor of my church said that I should be very careful
about having contact with Jehovah's Witnesses.
So I was. I did everything I could to avoid contact with them.
I would see them leaving early for the ministry.
But one day, there was a sister that didn't go out.
And I thought she's going to try to preach to me.
And that's what she did.
So since she was already staying at the end,
I started studying with her.
But at first, it was just to prove her wrong.
As I kept studying, though,
I could see that water was learning was really making sense.
So I couldn't say that that wasn't the truth.
I would also notice the brothers and sisters playing guitar, singing,
and I thought it was so beautiful to see how joyful they always were.
I met the witnesses in April 2016,
and in October, I became an unbaptized publisher.
In January 2017, I was baptized,
and I've been regular pioneering for two years.
I'm sure that all of this happened
because Jehovah heard what I prayed for a few days before.
I had had to go to the hospital, and I had asked,
God, help me survive,
so that I can get to know you,
because I know I don't know the truth about you yet.
He gave me what I asked for.
He sent the brothers just at the right time with the campaign.
I'm sure it was Jehovah who sent them.
Someone could be praying for help to learn about Jehovah.
And he would direct a preaching campaign with brothers from many places
to help honest-hearted people.